storage: bm_storage: fix divide by zero error (#540)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: doc/nrf-bm/release_notes/release_notes_changelog.rst

    * To use errno instead of nrf_errors.
    * The :c:func:`bm_storage_init` function to expect an additional input parameter of type pointer to struct :c:struct:`bm_storage_config` for configuring the storage instance that is being initialized.

>     * Fixed an issue where the :c:func:`bm_storage_erase` function would causes a division by 0 fault using SD or RRAM backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The :c:func:`bm_storage_init` function to expect an additional input parameter of type pointer to struct :c:struct:`bm_storage_config` for configuring the storage instance that is being initialized.

  * Fixed an issue where the :c:func:`bm_storage_erase` function caused a division-by-0 fault when using the SD or RRAM backend.
```
